hey Jane um my heart breathing ddy
um yeah my room I thought I could open
naho spider even an alphabetic yeah um
Hillstrom Ziggler has me so Pandu so for
my luckiest and the South one any moment
important lilica novels there's a cap
Andy my mommy Snell yeah Knox Kilauea
which is good moccasin before photo now
sort of um sticker Meyer okay
this Mike is a hotel phone in a house on
the terminals this is him
clapper claps
fitted him Haley lick my turnip because
ha yeah muy maka but you know the hip is
a label eight and a half eight a pulls
out this ain't a table holler shout say
tables only come to come through me more
inside when I do is I come
Koko's only son ed pastor is a holic or
life only Marty most novel up do is
expect Oakley presumably more American
oak Coco Sony Mar this naked facts and
open climate water so it's dude is a
seaplane nature
alright so in this matter of Philippine
sweet
so do it effort for
and we've only got three minutes will
appear Oh door and the last batches
result by so I'll start and hire a
minute
Rua that's it over
so at the new chin now is my sky novel
Oh in stopper and do you often feel half
which doesn't do to this to the like
cereal for film and yeah do new
monopsonist new fat chicken three five
doctors say I was an office long yeah
oxidized holiday you could talking off
with you know it's not see clear of an
operation and became problem you marry
me thing and you know five Sunita get it
but here a physics experiment favorite
oh you're kidding home to tip said NASA
and I will handle only hold off the
paper on this nice game of the middle Oh
some are sure oh okay zipper Percy's
dead few days later didn't show up
tomorrow so please manner
um yeah we're on for cake and I have a
breakfast it is a sofa I'm sorry to
deliver bad name on come may make
shocked boomers play on the wrists
impose on the military pension claim
konnichiwa please my in hunting parcels
nice name
yes and pushing on the before before
pushing on the air for man I don't want
it um yeah run for canker and man yeah
how's it go bricks now II do